AI worked. Everybody loves it. I just gave birth to a baby boy 2 months ago. His name is Benjamin. Whatever Benjamin will be doing in 25 years, that job does not exist today. Do we still need reporters? Maybe even more of them. You picture the future when smart glasses are going to replace them. We go into the mirror world to interact with AIS and robots. I would probably bet on a Chinese company over Apple of figuring this out. Robotics. In 25 years, they'll be cheaper, but they won't be any better. Ton of striving. Getting a license might become more difficult. Space Tech. I don't think there will be any cities on Mars ever. Are you a fan of chasing longevity? I don't want to die, but I'm not afraid of it. Lastly, BCI. This is one area that is moving faster than I thought. How will Silicon Valley be different in the next 20 years? That's a great question. Hello. Fore speech. So my first question, tell us a bit about your new book. It's called 2049, the next 10,000 days. Why did you write this book or what message do you want to deliver to the audience? So this is a little prototype of the book. It's a book that is trying to imagine a world in 25 years that's actually a world that we want to live in an optimistic world a world in which things work out and it tries to imagine multiple ways in which transportation employment internet entertainment work out well as well as trying to imagine the way in which China's role in the world also works out well. So these are optimistic scenarios in 25 years. you made a few predictions in the book which we will go into details later. Um but I would say some of them are quite ambitious and optimistic. I'm wondering what's your matrix when making those predictions. I I will clarify and this might be a matter of translation but um I'm trying not to do predictions. These are scenarios. A scenario is comes in a set. There's multiple answers. It's not saying this is how it's going to be. It's saying this is how it could be. The method is trying to um work backwards from imagining in 25 years from now if someone came back from the future and said it really is great. AI worked. Everybody loves it. Not that it was perfect, but just that it worked. And so the question will be well how do we get there? What would be the steps in 25 years for us to arrive at that moment? And so that's what the book that's one of the methods for the book is is to try and and think about the best case scenario. Not a perfect one but one that worked. You said in your book that most of these predictions or scenarios won't necessarily become the reality but the purpose is just to make people think and reshape the future. So what kind of future you want to reshape? Sure. And that's a fair question. The the idea is is that um the f these technologies stuff is so complicated that it's very unlikely that we could have a desirable future accidentally. We kind of have to actually you can't have it inadvertently. You actually have to kind of make it happen. And you can't make it happen unless you can see it first. So part of the book is trying to help people imagine a world in which they um would want to live and then try to make it happen. But if you can't imagine it then it doesn't you won't get there and most of the science fiction stories and movies are all disasters about the future. Yeah. So the world is in 25 years again it's not perfect right. Um at the same time I think people know that tac is double-edged sword. Yes. Uh the Black Mirror episodes coming out this year shows a lot of dark side of the tech. People were talking about it. Um AI expert like Jeffrey Hinton is warning about the dark side of AI as well. Are you concerned? I I am not very concerned. I don't spend much time with scenarios that are negative because thousands and thousands of people, most reporters, most book writers, most TV people, most Hollywood movies are are exploring the downsides, right? So I don't need to do that. What I'm my job is to talk about the upside because very few people are talking about that. So I I I think they're real. I think those possibilities are real. They're significant. But I don't mention them because I don't need to. Everybody knows them. That's the first thing they have. If you talk about AI in the future, it's only negative. So I don't need to to do that, right? AI agent. I just gave birth to a baby boy two months ago. Um, his name is Benjamin. I'm thinking when he grows up, you know, the way, you know, he's using Chbt and all the AI tools and his like growth environment will be so different from my age. True. Will our education system be totally different for the next 25 years? And how should we prepare for that? Right now, I think most students are learning more on YouTube than at school. I think that will continue. Schools will will have to adapt. Right now, there's a big controversy about kids using um chat AIs to write papers. And the question is, well, why is that important? Of course, they're going to use AI to help write papers. You don't want to prohibit it. You want to help them do it well. AI will obviously be a central factor in learning. And I think as I said, one of the main things it can do is it can um enable each student to progress at the own pace. M but more importantly I think the skill what you when you graduate from high school say is not any particular knowledge that you have and it's even not even a major skill other than the primary skill of being able to maximize your learning knowing how to learn. So what you want to learn in school is learning how to learn. You want to graduate being very conscious of exactly how to optimize your own learning because whatever occupation you go into does not exist today. All right? Whatever Benjamin will be doing in 25 years, that job, that role does not exist today. So even probably when they graduate from high school, it doesn't exist. They're going to have to learn it. So we want to have kids graduate really knowing how to optimize their own learning in the many different ways that are to learn physical things conceptual things and so learning how to learn becomes the central course and asking questions so answers the AIS will give you all the answers you want you don't have to make answers as a student you have to learn how to ask questions questions are much more valuable much more creative much harder for even an AI to do good questions. Asking questions, learning how to learn, moving at your own pace. Those are some of the things I see in education, right? Uh in China this month, over 13.3 million Chinese students attended the college entrance exam and they're going to universities in September later this year. Many of them are quite anxious about the major that they should choose at university level for undergrad study because that decides what kind of job they will go after four years when they go to you know society. uh what's your advice to them or doesn't matter anymore because AI will take most of the jobs or no AI is not going to take the jobs that's what I'm saying AI is not taking the jobs a will do a lot of their tasks so the the nature of the job will change you'll have different tasks my advice for people graduating is um to really follow their enthusiasm to not be concerned about the economic ics of it because that's changing very very fast and it's very hard to predict what's going to be the highest paying job. Yeah. And that that money should not be the thing that they're focused on. Money is a byproduct of other satisfactions. Money is a byproduct of doing something fabulous, doing it well, the money will come. People think that that's something that you can say if you're privileged, but it's absolutely true even for poor people. You want to be useful. You want to do things well. You want to be um valuable first and then the money will come. That's true in occupation. Follow something that you love to do that you're good at. Master something. So the thing I tell young people and it would be true in China is master something. It doesn't matter what it is. Become the expert on something. It could be something frivolous like a sport. It could be a hobby where you become a master knitter or sewer. Whatever it is, become master of that and that will take you on a journey to somewhere that you didn't expect. And so don't try to be don't think that you need to be a doctor or a lawyer because that's some pathway to something. It's not. Yeah. talk at the if you really want to become a doctor or a lawyer, spend a week shadowing a doctor or a lawyer and see what their life is like. See if you want that life. I want to ask about AI in content creation and the media industry because that's relevant to my job and decides whether I will be replaced by AI very soon. So you mentioned in your book that due to AI the bar uh of the media industry will become even lower. Do we still need reporters in uh 25 years in 2049? Yes, for sure. Maybe even more of them. The thing about the AIS, what we're learning about them is that again they can produce answers. They can do research. Maybe in 25 years they'll be able to do enough to call up somebody or email what they may read a paper and oh understand this is an important paper and here's the name of the professor and they'll contact this professor and ask a question I think that's very very possible but where the human will be involved is overseeing all these agents and taking responsibility for the output right now if an AI gets something wrong who do you blame right who who's going to guarantee that and part of what a job is is not just doing the job but you are promising the job will be good and if not you'll make it good. I mean that's part of what a job is. If you hire someone and they don't do it right, it's their responsibility. They've got to make it right or do whatever. In AI there isn't that responsibility. There's no accountability. There's no there's nothing saying I ensure I guarantee that this will be good. And so for at least in 25 years that's a job for a human. You'll be overseeing AI who doing research but you are going to be the one the reporter the human reporter is the one who's guaranteeing the responsibility of the job and saying you can trust me. It's so interesting to observe the shift of media power uh over the past 20 years. It was firstly centralized in newspapers and television and then uh with the rise of com and mobile the power shifted to digital media like the wired magazine which you founded um and also Twitter Instagram and other social media as everyone can become what's called citizen journalist right so I'm wondering like with so much content being produced by AI the next 25 years um whether it's good or bad what will be the next platform for voices and public opinion It's a good question and I think many of the forums that we have now we have blogs which are sort of turned into Substack newsletters which are kind of the same thing. They're just push version instead of you going to it they're going to put out their blog. So I think the idea of having individuals writing stuff that will still be there in 25 years um I think there'll still be um streams of news which are like TV stations or newspapers they have video whatever but they're streaming recent updates that that'll continue but we'll have we'll have some new things as well which is um much more experiential where um wearing some kind of glasses is that can immerse you in another world. Someone will take you to Tran on the streets of Tran today and you will walk around with them to experience the bombing structures. You can feel it and look around and it'll be like you are in Tan. So the experiential nature of things like news will increase. So it's not just that you are someone's reporting standing there with a microphone. No, no, you you will be there. you'll feel like you're there yourself looking around and um that you know that could be manipulated like other things but that will be another component in the news in 25 years as I continue to build value one I want to get your advice on how should I prepare for the media thing that I'm building the thing about media because observing the media over time which is the the bigger and more successful a media property is the harder it is to adapt to something new because they have much more to lose. And they have a machine that needs to be fed and they if they take resources from feeding the machine, a lot of people are impacted. If they make a mistake and bet on the wrong thing, a lot of people are impacted. If you're a startup, you have very little to lose. It's a couple people and if you bet wrong, you go out of business, okay, there's no commitment, you don't have obligations and stuff. So the bigger you get, the more successful you are, the harder it is to adapt to the new thing. It's not easier. You would think, well, you have the resources to it, but it doesn't work out that way. It's actually harder. So in some senses, if you are small, you actually have an advantage to adapt to whatever is coming next. I I would say that you um you just have to keep trying things or you have to budget a certain amount to try know that you're going to fail on that. It's an experiment that's unlikely to succeed. Um, and you have to kind of pers persevere and then you have to be willing to when that fails to do it again, which is very very hard in a media world where you try something. Oh, we tried that and it didn't work. And no, you have to keep trying because the first 10 aren't going to work. And so um so I would say you know like for me one of the things right now I you know I say that YouTube is way way underrated. It is powerful. It is becoming more powerful and once Google ads the AI search and stuff is going to become even more powerful. And so the YouTube YouTube verse is something that I think is sort of like the next big thing where you're putting out your video, you you know, you have your channels, whatnot. There is some compensation. Um, and they're trying, you know, to have VR and they'll they'll once there are spatial video stuff, they'll they'll take that You picture the future when smart glasses are going to replace our smartphones. Um, and we're living in the so-called mirror world, which is the digital twin of our real world. Can you elaborate a little bit more of the concept? There's like maybe four different ways to think about this mirror world. One is just that it's like um it's like virtual reality where you put on the glass the goggles and you you block out the real world and you can see an imaginary world but it but it's in three dimensions with sound and it feels very very real. For anybody who's had the chance to try it, it can be very persuasive. That's the second part of it where you have a spatial digital twin. So your digital twin, your avatar and you are at home with a camera and and you see me as a digital twin. You can do things with training, education, surgery, all kinds of stuff. Once you have that ability to merge the real world and the digital world into one thing, so that's at one level what it is, but it's also more than that. It's also the world that a self-driving car like a whimo car when it's driving down the road. The the world that it sees is that world. It sees not just the physical world, but it sees all the other layers of it. It knows when the traffic lights are turning. It knows the signs. It It knows the speed limit. It It has an overlay of all this other information that it been told about the map information in addition to what it sees. And so that combined world is the world that robots and AIs work in. So when we meet or work with AIs and robots, we go into that world. We go into the mirror world to interact with AIS and robots. That's the second or third level. And and then there's even another additional level of this mirror world, which is that it is only possible to render this because of AI. AI has to be really cheap, really fast. has to work at the level of your goggles, not just back at headquarters. Your goggles have to have some level of intelligence in it as your glasses as well in order to to do this. And so this world is only possible if AI becomes really cheap and it fuses the world. But also once AI comes into the world, this world, the real world is inev is ine inevitable. You you you have that world. When you put the glasses on and look around, it starts to map the whole world. It's mapping it. It's recording it and it's digesting. It's, "Oh, that's a stairs. That's a stairs. It goes up there. Oh, there's a door there. So, you can go up there." It's it's understanding the whole world. So, once we put glasses on, we make that world no matter what. It's a consequence of the fact that AI is seeing the whole world and understanding it by having a million people wearing glasses and having all scanned. So, so it's just the natural outcome of having AI and smart glasses, you're going to get that world. But I think a bigger shock is coming in the next 25 years and that is the shock of how emotional the AIs will be and how we will emotionally bond to them. Right now, people can love their dogs. They have a very strong relationship with a dog that doesn't even talk. Imagine if a dog could talk back to you and answer questions, chat with you, and tell you things that you didn't know and tell you things about yourself. And how how strong would you have a relationship with that dog? Well, that's what the AIS are going to be doing. The emotion will be like those are just going to go really high. And there's definitely going to be people who fall in love with them. There definitely going to be people who have very strong friendships, very strong working relationships with these and at an emotional level. And there'll be people who will get very angry at the AIS or they will get furious. I mean there it's the emotional level that we're going to have and we're going to program in emotions to the AIs because humans respond to that. That's a human scale thing. We we respond to emotional signals. And so there will be AIS people will put in delight, surprise, perplexity, seriousness, joking into the AIS because that's will be very attractive to to people. And I think that's going to be a real shock. I think the competition of smart glasses is getting really intense this year. I'm wondering at the end of this glass war, right, who will be the final winner or what what makes a final winner? Yeah, I I have no idea who who who will win, but I I I I think the the the challenge we know from I saw first virtual reality in 1987. Wow. And I thought that it was going to happen very fast. I was wrong. I was very very wrong. Yeah. So, so the technical challenges of doing this are very very extreme. And it's not just one. There are there are many including power. the the the I mean we don't want to have a a tether. We don't want to have a cable. So just giving enough power to these glasses to be able to do what we want to do for hours. That's a huge huge technological innovations needed to do that. The um field of view is huge. So, so the the answer is is this the winner will be a company that figures out how to solve five major breakthroughs all at once. Even, you know, Apple, it's they can't do it. I mean, they might do it, but they haven't been able to do it. And so, there's just a lot that they were asking for. From what I see so far, I think we're still 5 to 10 years away. Mhm. before uh we get the smart glasses that people will wear. I mean maybe more than 10 years. I again I think 25 years it may take because I think there's the the the it's I don't think we're close yet to them. Maybe each company can solve part of the question and then they combine them together. Right. Right. It's sort of like, you know, we had cell phones for many many years, but there were these big things and um it it took, you know, it took something like smartphones, even smartphones, but took something like an iPhone to really bring it together. So, that was 15 years or more after the cell phones. It took tremendous amount of work to kind of bring it all together in a form that you know a slab like this that didn't have a keyboard. It had a touch. So, so just inventing the touchscreen thing to make it work. That was a critical component of that. Without it, if you just had buttons, it's just not going to or keyboard, it's just not going to work. And so, there were so many things. It took a long time to turn the cell phone into the smart mobile phone. M yeah and and and that's where the the smart glasses are. It's it's at least a decade, maybe two decades. Yeah. Do you think Chinese companies have a chance? Absolutely. Chinese companies because of the supply chain. Yes. All kinds of reasons. So So you know I would I would probably bet on a Chinese company over Apple of figuring this out. I I I you know, if I had to make a bet, I would bet that it would be a Chinese company that makes this the smart glasses that everybody wants. Um but it but it'll still take a decade. Yeah. The reason being because the hardware is cheaper in China. in in a curious way. I think there's there's uh there's a technical know-how that's very a lot of this is very materials oriented and I think there's an advantage of the ecosystem that China has to accelerate that and also I think that um there is a little bit more willingness to experiment to to do something halfway that's not quite there and yet maybe find some use for it or make it work for them at a halfway. So I I think a number of things conspire to to make it more more likely for China to invent this. First of all, robotics. So, can humanoid robots go into billions of family um homes or we're only talking about like a robotic arms in the factory? Yeah. Um the humanoid I I I I think we're going to confront or see humanoids in our work like before we see their home. Though I think the home is sort of the last place that we'll see it. I think we'll see like a warehouses where they're moving around to do things or in fast food restaurants that there could be cooking. Um I think because one thing is is um we we do want a much more constrained set of um chores, right? Home it's very wide open. I think it's really hard. Um and also like like humanoids we think of hands, arms and hands. the the hand is one of the most remarkable things what we can manipulate like sewing a needle with this at the same time we can use it to lift right 100 pounds it's like there's that that's so hard for for machines to do and it's not just IQ it's not just intelligence there's there's there's some physical material things to re replicate the touch that we have we we can we can use it to press at the same time pressing we feel it. I mean, it's like that's really hard. So, so I think this is um a home robot is maybe not really even in 25 years. I think there will be some for sale but not in millions. Yeah. But I feel like companies and some people are very obsessed with making the humanoid like mask and others. I think I learned from virtual reality which I saw almost 40 years ago and I thought okay it's pretty good. It's if you know if you saw it now say it's pretty good and yet 40 years later what happened is that it it it mostly just decreased in cost. The VR is actually not better. It's just that it's millions times cheaper because back then it took millions of dollars to do it. And I think this the same way with the home robots right now to do one of those things is probably you know hundreds of thousands of dollars. And I think in 25 years they'll be cheaper but they won't be any better. All right. You'll have the Tesla, whatever it is, the human robot. It'll be only $1,000, but it's not going to be any better than the one that they have right now. It I mean that that it's serving a little bit better, but it's it's it's I think it's really really hard. So, we will get it. We're on that path. I'm just saying it's going to be slower than most people think. Great. Fair enough. And a ton of striving. Um, so in 25 years, do human beings still need to drive? Um, there's no need for our next generation to get a driver license. Um, that's a good question. Um, getting a license might become more difficult. Oh, why? Because if you have enough AI driven cars, they drive better than humans. Yeah. Much better. Much better. And so you have to learn how to drive when you're surrounded by other smart drivers smarter cars which means that your driving skills have to be better. So I think there it would be more difficult in the sense that you will that the the the skill that you would need will go up and I think the where you can drive yourself would also start to shrink. M. So, you might not be able to drive in certain cities in the downtown because they don't want you there because you're not driving as well because they can control um the traffic better with the AI. And so, you may not be able to drive downtown or you may only be able to drive on certain highway lanes. So, it's possible in 25 years that the appeal of driving is not as great. Mhm. And so you may have a choice of like, do you want to to buy a self-driving car? I mean, maybe you can't drive a self-driving car. It only there's no wheels. There's no wheels and stuff. And so you have the choice and well, I'm going to buy the self-driving car because it'll pick me up whenever I need it in a park and whatever rather than having two cars. So, so I think there will be people driving with a but it'll be like getting a pilot's license. M I think it'll be a little bit rarer and you have to have a little bit higher quality training, right? Interesting. And uh space tech. So I think people like Elon Musk kept talking about going to Mars. Yeah. And make human beings multilanetary. Uh do you see the need of Mars to be multilanetary? Well, well, I I I don't think there will be any cities on Mars ever. Then what's the purpose of going there? I think um it's like going to the moon. There's no real economic reason to go to the moon. I mean, it's not. There's spin-offs of the technology that you devised. Going to the moon help give us a technology to have satellites which are very, very valuable. So, there will be some economic indirect economic benefits of going to Mars. Just learning how to do that, learning how to have self-contained living services for two years. The technology used to get to Mars would also be useful for mining asteroids near Earth. So I think most of the space that's economically valuable is within near Earth. It makes sense to have these theatrical gestures of having a research station on the moon or a research station on Mars, but that's all it will ever be. It'll be a research station very expensive to maintain and there will be it's not a very good life. You have to live underground. Yeah. It's like, who wants to live underground for two years? If something happens, you're stuck there. You're more likely to die. So, I don't think there going to be very many people who are It's going to be small group, maybe eight people at the most. I mean, there's people who live on the South Pole. It's a research station. So, there'll be a research station on Mars, but that's it. That's all there will be. Nobody. It's It's um a million times easier to build a city at the bottom of our oceans on Earth. Yeah. But we haven't done that. Why not? It's hard. And and building on Mars is a million times more difficult. Yeah. So, we we'll have a research station at great expense, but but that will teach us a lots of things. Yeah, it there will be economic benefit indirectly from that research, but there's no reason why people will live on Mars in a city. It's just not Yeah, I think I don't think it was going to happen. Probably one of the reasons being um multilanetary is to find the next Earth. Yeah, but that's we'll send out probes, AIS. That's a good reason. And that's the one of the reasons why the Mars doesn't work is we can send out an AI. We can send out cameras. We can send out a virtual reality that will be just as good as a human. Humans don't need to go. We could have an AI drive a cart around and do the exploring and report back to us every hour. We don't need to send flesh, human flesh. It's just we don't belong in space. Yeah, agreed. Then next, let's talk about life science and also longevity. A personal question. Are you afraid of death? I don't want to die, but I'm not afraid of it. Yeah. In Silicon Valley, we now see many billionaires like Brian Johnson are trying different methods to live longer, stay young, and become, you know, or at least look younger. Um, are you a fan of chasing longevity? No, I'm I'm not. Uh, I also think that's um over the actual longevity part. I mean, there's two parts of longevity. One is you want to you want to extend your healthy period. You don't you don't it's not just a matter of extending your years. You want to extend how long you're healthy which is I I am all favor of that. That is a really good idea. I think the idea of extending the actual age limit is will progress very very slowly and just not happening as fast. So, so I'm all for the idea of trying to maximize your healthy age, but I don't see the age extension. I think I think it's slow. Some people say, well, if you can extend it for one year per year, if every year you can extend how long people live, then in theory you could keep going. But I don't think we're anywhere near one year per year. I think um you know it's it's even the outliers even the the most extreme versions are not living that much longer. Extending the healthy age is a fantastic idea. Great. Um I know AI is being used in many um verticals in biotech as well as pharmaceutical industry and we are making huge progress um which means maybe major disease like all kinds of cancers will be cured very soon. Yeah, people are living longer and healthier. Maybe they will retire much later as well. What does it mean to our society? Will that shift the society structure and the order? I I do think that there's a chance to have like a um pan viral vaccine and even cancer vaccines we're talking about. um those seemed 25 years those seem reasonable, possible that we could have a vaccine for most viruses across all viruses. We do see people living longer and we also in 25 years we're going to see the um Earth's population shrink as a whole, China as well. And so that's combining. So we have fewer and fewer children and more and more old people. And so that's true not just in China, but it's gonna be true for a lot of the world, but especially for China. That's going to be um that's a challenge for innovation and new ideas when you have mostly old people and fewer young people willing to take chances and with very little to lose. So I think that is I think that it's going to be a challenge for for us even in 25 years. I think one of the solutions to that is AI where you have AI who also consume things not just generate things um where you have an economy built so economically I think we could solve the problem culturally that's a little bit more difficult um because in Japan we see a little bit that where the young people are sty because all the old people still have jobs and there's no way to move up and there's no room for a crazy idea so they're socially there might be some innovation needed to overcome the demographics that we'll see in 25 years. Um I I'm a little bit more radical in my prediction about the global collapse officially. The World Health Organization and UN says it's not going to happen until 2070, but I think it's going to happen in by 20 46 15 years from now. will begin to have a smaller earth. It won't be noticeable right away because it's just at the beginning, but I think the consequences are already starting to happen. Lastly, BCI, we are witnessing big progress in companies like Neurolink. There are many startups in this field as well. Um, how far can we go in the next 25 years? Yeah, that that this is one area that is moving faster than I thought. M it would be hundred years before we have something that could read our mind. But there's lots of experiments and startups happening where you put a cap on your head and it can extract out signals. You can, you know, control things by thinking about it. You can go back and forth, have feedback. I think there's going to be very few people who will drill things into their head. I mean who have um invasive surgery that's I just don't think I mean people who are medically need it you know parallegics and others yes for sure but I think a normal person I think is not there'll be some crazies but I don't think most people don't want to put something in their head so it has to be something that you wear on your head non-invasive non-invasive I think in 25 years we will have non-invasive brain mind connection I can't say how accurate or how how it will be used. But I think it'll be there. Maybe gamers play it because it might give them a tiny edge in terms of latency, how fast they can respond. They don't have to go through their arm. They can just Yeah. think it. So maybe the gamers play it. Maybe this is for people who um like maybe artists, maybe this is a form of art where you can just it doesn't have to go through your arms again. You can just sort of imagine it. Maybe there's a way to build worlds. I it's really unclear exactly how you use it in a non-medical way. So maybe it's not as useful as we think. Maybe it's something that we could have imagined it being cooler than it really is. I don't know. Last question. How will Silicon Valley be different in That's a great question. Um Huh. I haven't thought about that. Maybe some of the big tech will fall and some new names will rise. Well, of course. I mean I've been I mean I've been talking about AI for at least 15 years and I've almost every talk said that the disruption is unlikely to come from the establishment like Google Facebook Amazon is going to come from a startup which is exactly what happened open AI anthropic so for sure there will be a whole new crop rising stars in the valley but I wouldn't say that's changing the valley any because because the the question I would have is is you know that's like the current it's the same race when you have new contestants but the question is does the race change does the game change does the how does the process of Silicon Valley itself change and that's a little bit more interesting you know does VC change any and you know there there has been uh adaptions and how much does AI change the nature of of funding and hiring um I haven't thought about that but it's a good question. I would guess that the the special place that Silicon Valley has in the world will continue just like the role of Shenzen in the Delta area will continue in China no matter what happens in the US. There's enough of a critical mass and it's deep enough that in terms of manufacturing and materials that part of China will continue in 25 years. But there might be ways in which um the path of how you succeed through Silicon Valley could change. Um one of the things is the housing issue where people simply can't afford to take a chance. So So if there was things like that that happened, I think that would be really good. But there might be ways in which AI could change the nature of Silicon Valley and the funding making it even easier to start something easier than it is today. So there's even more startups. I'm not really sure. It's a good question. I haven't thought about it. I was a little more interested in what rather than the old ones dying is how would the new ones change? What would that process be? What would the path the typical path be? Maybe there's more crowdfunding. It's possible AI might help that a little bit. People investing even earlier like VCs do. A Kickstarter version of VC. That might could be something. Yeah. Well, it was a great conversation anyway. for the Benjamin. Bye. 